Somatic Symptom Disorder
Diagnostic Criteria 300.82 (F45.1) (p 347 in pdf)

Illness Anxiety Disorder
Diagnostic Criteria 300.7 (F45.21) (p 351 in pdf)

Conversion Disorder
(Functional Neurological Symptom Disorder) (F44.X) (p. 354 in pdf)

Psychological Factors Affecting Other Medical Conditions
Diagnostic Criteria 316 (F54) (p 358 in pdf)

Factitious Disorder
Diagnostic Criteria 300.19 (F68.10)
	Factitious Disorder Imposed on Self
	Factitious Disorder Imposed on Another (Previously Factitious Disorder by Proxy)

Other Specified Somatic Symptom and Related Disorder
300.89 (F45.8) (no input)

Unspecified Somatic Symptom and
Related Disorder
300.82 (F45.9) (no input)

Categories:
-----------------------------
1. Gender
2. Age
3. (C)AFAB/(C)AMAB
4. Symptoms, thoughts
5. Symptoms, physical (somatic)
6. Symptoms, actions
7. Comorbid (already have disorders)
8. Persistency/lengthh 
9. Specifiers (Check to see how they are categorized)

Numerical: (* = specify if)
------------------------------
1	One or more somatic symptoms that are distressing or result in significant disruption of daily life
2	Disproportionate and persistent thoughts about the seriousness of one’s symptoms
3	Persistently high level of anxiety about health or symptoms
4	Excessive time and energy devoted to somatic symptoms or health concerns
5	state of being symptomatic is persistent (typically more than 6 months)
6*	With predominant pain
7*	Persistent: Severe symptoms, marked impairment, and long duration (more than 6 months)
8	Preoccupation with having or acquiring a serious illness
9	No somatic symptoms
10	Mild somatic symptoms
11	Preoccupation of developing illness is clearly excessive or disproportionate
12	There is a high level of anxiety about health, and the individual is easily alarmed about personal health status
13	Performs excessive health-related behaviors or exhibits maladaptive avoidance
14	Illness preoccupation has been present for at least 6 months, but the specific illness that is feared may change over that period of time
15	No symptoms of somatic symptom disorder, panic disorder, generalized anxiety disorder, body dysmorphic disorder, obsessive-compulsive 
	disorder, or delusional disorder, somatic type.
16*	Care-seeking type: Medical care, including physician visits or undergoing tests and procedures, is frequently used
17*	Care-avoidant type: Medical care is rarely used
18	One or more symptoms of altered voluntary motor or sensory function
19	Incompatibility between the symptom and recognized neurological or medical conditions
20	The symptom or deficit is not better explained by another medical or mental disorder
21	The symptom or deficit causes clinically significant distress or impairment in social, occupational, or other important areas of 
	functioning or warrants medical evaluation.
22	A medical symptom or condition (other than a mental disorder) is present
23	Psychological or behavioral factors adversely affect the medical condition in one of the following ways:
		1. The factors have influenced the course of the medical condition as shown by a close temporal association between the 
		   psychological factors and the development or exacerbation of, or delayed recovery from, the medical condition.
		2. The factors interfere with the treatment of the medical condition (e.g., poor adherence).
		3. The factors constitute additional well-established health risks for the individual.
		4. The factors influence the underlying pathophysiology, precipitating or exacerbating symptoms or necessitating medical attention.
24	The psychological and behavioral factors in Criterion 23 are not better explained by another mental disorder 
	(e.g., panic disorder, major depressive disorder, posttraumatic stress disorder).
25	Falsification of physical or psychological signs or symptoms, or induction of injury or disease, associated with identified deception.
26	The individual presents himself or herself to others as ill, impaired, or injured.
27	The deceptive behavior is evident even in the absence of obvious external rewards.
28	Falsification of physical or psychological signs or symptoms, or induction of injury or disease, in another, associated with 
	identified deception
29	The individual presents another individual (victim) to others as ill, impaired, or injured.